= tor_requests

1 - Install Tor

* Download at https://www.torproject.org
* Start Tor
* You can change port configuration by clicking on Settings -> Advanced -> Adjust the port to 9050

2 - Usage

  res = Tor::HTTP.get("google.com", "/", 80)
  p res.code
  p res.body

  res = Tor::HTTP.post('posttestserver.com', {"var" => "variable"}, '/post.php?dir=example', 80)
  p res.code
  p res.body

with URIs (http & https)

  Tor::HTTP.get(URI('http://google.com/'))
  Tor::HTTP.get(URI('https://github.com/'))
  Tor::HTTP.post(URI('http://posttestserver.com/post.php?dir=example'), {"var" => "variable"})

with redirects
  res = Tor::HTTP.get("google.com", "/", 80, 10)
  By default 3 redirects are followed. 
  To prevent infinite loops a TooManyRedirects error is raised.
  The limit can be changed by updating the last parameter.

The default port configuration is 9050 and ip configuration is 127.0.0.1. If you need to change configuration, you can use:

  Tor.configure do |config|
     config.ip = "127.0.0.1"
     config.port = 9050
  end

You can also set additional custom header fields, e.g. User-Agent:

  Tor.configure do |config|
    config.add_header('User-Agent', 'Netscape 2.0')
  end



== Contributing to tor_requests

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Bruno Ghisi. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.


